=head1 NAME

MooX::NonOO - Use Moo methods as functions with an implicit singleton

=head1 VERSION

v0.1.0

=head1 SYNOPSYS

In a module:

  package MyModule;

  use Moo;
  use MooX::NonOO;

  ...

  sub my_method {
     my ($self, @args) = @_;
     ...
  }

  as_function
    export => [ 'my_method' ], # methods to export
    args   => [ ];             # constructor args

The module can be be used with a function calling style:

  use MyModule;

  ...

  my_method(@args);

=head1 INSTALLATION

See
L<How to install CPAN modules|http://www.cpan.org/modules/INSTALL.html>.

=head2 Required Modules

This distribution requires Perl v5.9.3.

This distribution requires the following modules:

=over 4

=item * L<Moo>

=item * L<Package::Stash>

=item * L<Test::Most>

=back

This distribution recommends the following modules:

=over 4

=item * L<Package::Stash::XS>

=back

=head1 RECENT CHANGES

=over 4

=item * 

Initial version.

=back

See the F<Changes> file for a longer revision history.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module allows you to turn a class into a module that exports
methods as functions that use an implicit singleton.

=head1 EXPORTS

=head2 C<as_function>

  as_function
    exports => \@methods,
    args    => \@args;

This wraps methods in a function that checks the first argument. If
the argument is an instance of the class, then it assumes it is a
normal method call.  Otherwise it assumes it is a function call, and
it calls the method with the singleton instance.

Note that this will not work properly on methods that take an instance
of the class as the first argument.

=head1 AUTHOR

Robert Rothenberg, C<< <rrwo at cpan.org> >>

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2015 Robert Rothenberg.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the the Artistic License (2.0). You may obtain a
copy of the full license at:

L<http://www.perlfoundation.org/artistic_license_2_0>

